people i want you traffic today
imagine traffic is an app with what
to do tasks in a timely manner
let time-controlled tasks
For example, you could use your elan at any time
and turn off display or lower
for example , that is often just ask
Start made sap traffic have one
small survey up here we can
For example, the app on and off
we have the profiles and we have the
Settings so we just go
the profiles purely as you see we have
even before defined profiles are
already fixed you can of course
also create your own profiles
otherwise we still have the
attitudes I have the attitude
so far left
this way I have only now of this
skip introduction still clicked
otherwise you will get such a small one
infoscreen otherwise you can actually
leave the setting as you like
it has therefore profile you can to
each one has his own profile
I have an example
weekdays from 6:00 that the phone is
to completely turn it on again
Party time is Saturday and Sunday can
for example, for the saturday and for
sunday has a different profile than in
awarded the week
Otherwise bedtime is with me
usually from 0 o'clock that means I switch
for example, then my device in the
flight mode that is a complete
is shut down
So as I said 00 clock 22 clock then wlan
and mute
otherwise you see traffic up here
the last version 14 of the city 2013
150 start the next 10 pm then
As I said, this is at a glance
the next time something
otherwise we will hold the
bar the profile we pressed the
possibility to insert profile of an action
add delete rename profile you can
of course, is again put in profile
otherwise have no problem as an action
Here, for example, the overview above
the time then the days from monday to
sunday as well as us just the day off
who wants to share with others otherwise
Here you can, for example, in the mini
adjust everything survey want it
wlan on and off or flight mode
be active whatever as I said
it's visually she was first
confusing but otherwise no
problem otherwise we can
for example, keep pressed
we could delete it
Change adjust depending on where
the need is the same as the whole
looks in practice, I show you
now in a test we click on
attitude to new profile if
Just try the new profile like you
See is a check mark on
the profile immediately active, we can
just turn it off for a moment
click on it when you see the two
We can hold an action
insert what do i want that around
1220, for example, on Tuesday or 21
that for example the wifi turned on
and that the flight mode
clearly it certainly does that
no sense because the flight mode
Of course everything on but simply raises
about showing what it looks like her
look it is still out and now shuts
yourself
krupp it is active so as I said how
You see, in practice, I work
The app just highly recommended it
really works once the free
customize
after we want that you should
Questions about the app or suggestions
just write in the comments
I have contact by e-mail
you like to continue I wish you one
nice week
that was it from me